doc: Add new stories with tips and tricks (#560)
Doist/reactist: stories/reactist/nesting-vs-polymorphism.stories.mdx

import { Story, Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'

<Meta title="Tips and tricks/Nesting vs. combining via polymorphism" />

# Nesting vs. combining via polymorphism

The design system components have this ability where you can render one component as a certain HTML tag:

```jsx
<Stack as="ul">
  {tasks.map((task) => (
    <Box as="li" key={task.id}>{task.content}</Box>
  )}
</Stack>
```

The main purpose is to be able to take advantage of the new components while at the same time not dropping the ball on using semantic HTML.

However, it can also be used to render as another React component:

```jsx
// Link below can be thought of as the Link component in react-router
<ButtonLink as={Link}>Click me</ButtonLink>
```

> This is useful to be able to get the functionality of one component with the visuals and functionality of another component. In the example above, we render a link that has the visual look and feel of a `Button` from our design system, but in which the link functionality is provided by react-router, allowing this link to perform <abbr title="Single-Page Application">SPA</abbr>-like navigation on the client-side instead of a full server round trip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful to be able to get the functionality of one component with the visuals and functionality of another component. In the example above, we render a link that has the visual look and feel of a `Button` from our design system; but the link functionality is provided by react-router, allowing this link to perform <abbr title="Single-Page Application">SPA</abbr>-like navigation on the client-side instead of a full server round trip.
```

## Caveats

With great power, comes great responsibility. You should not abuse this feature for markup optimization purposes.

What's markup optimization? Take the following example, for instance:

```jsx
<Columns space="medium">
    <Column>
        <Stack space="small">
            <One />
            <Two />
        </Stack>
    </Column>
    <Column>
        <Stack space="small">
            <Three />
            <Four />
        </Stack>
    </Column>
</Columns>
```

We could be tempted to say that each `Column` could also be the `Stack`, thus removing one extra container element and simplifying your markup.

```jsx
<Columns space="medium">
    <Column as={Stack} space="small">
        <One />
        <Two />
    </Column>
    <Column as={Stack} space="small">
        <Three />
        <Four />
    </Column>
</Columns>
```

This is not guaranteed to work 100% of the time because styles could clash.

> In the above example, for instance, the `div` generated by each `Column` element will have margin applied to it to achieve the `space="medium"` effect. And the `div` generated by each `Stack` will have margin applied to it to achieve the `space="small"` effect of the `Stack`. You'd think is not the same margin in the same direction, because stacks add vertical spacing while columns add horizontal spacing. However, columns add vertical spacing also, for when they show in collapsed form due to the viewport getting narrower (i.e. responsive design).

Author: I'll reword this differently to see if you get it, instead of trying to explain it to you. It probably is not clear for future readers either.

> In the above example, for instance, the `div` generated by each `Column` element will have margin applied to it to achieve the `space="medium"` effect. And the `div` generated by each `Stack` will have margin applied to it to achieve the `space="small"` effect of the `Stack`. You'd think is not the same margin in the same direction, because stacks add vertical spacing while columns add horizontal spacing. However, columns add vertical spacing also, for when they show in collapsed form due to the viewport getting narrower (i.e. responsive design).

Author: ```suggestion
In the above example, for instance, the `div` generated by each `Column` element will have a margin applied to it to achieve the `space="medium"` effect. While the `div` generated by each `Stack` will have margin applied to it to achieve the `space="small"` effect of the `Stack`.

At first, you might think there's no problem because the margin on the `Stack` child elements is applied in the vertical direction (top and bottom) to keep a vertical space between them. While the margin on the `Column` elements is applied in the horizontal direction (left and right) to keep columns separated. So, in theory, these margins should not clash. However, columns add vertical spacing also, for when they show in collapsed form due to the viewport getting narrower (i.e. responsive design).
```
